Add case studies, amend list page (#394)
rotationalio/rotational.io: content/en/case-studies/enhancing-power-systems.md

---

> title: "Enhancing Power Systems"

Author: In Figma, the title lists `Enhancing`, so I added `Power Systems`. We can update this if another title would be preferred.

> title: "Enhancing Power Systems"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Real-Time Monitoring of Power Transmission"
```

> slug: "enhancing-power-systems"
> headertext: Case Studies
> subheadertext: "Real Results: AI in Action"
> industry: Utilities
> service: AI Ops & Data Foundations
> case:
>   - title: Problem
>     description: Data-overwhelm in monitoring critical power systems
>   - title: Solution
>     description: Image classifier for automated grid monitoring
>   - title: Results
>     results:
>       - result: Real-time monitoring
>       - result: Reduced response time by 25%
> real_results:
>   tagline: Innovate or Stagnate
>   title: Real Results
>   description: A state power utility needed a way to monitor the state of the electrical grid in real-time, but the volume of data generated was overwhelming for human analysts, leading to potential delays and missed alerts.
>   approach: We developed a convolutional neural network (CNN) to classify hundreds of thousands of grid states from 2D images, automatically identifying critical patterns and providing confidence thresholds for alerts.
>   result: The solution reduced the number of images requiring human review, improved grid monitoring efficiency, and helped reduce response time to grid anomalies by 25%.
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slug: "real-time-monitoring-transmission-power"
headertext: Case Studies
subheadertext: "Real Results: AI in Action"
industry: Utilities
service: AI Ops & Data Foundations
case:
  - title: Problem
    description: Data-overwhelm in monitoring critical power systems
  - title: Solution
    description: LSTM prediction and detection of line and bus voltage sags
  - title: Results
    results:
      - result: Real-time monitoring
      - result: Adapted power generation output to timely downstream line conditions and usage
real_results:
  tagline: Innovate or Stagnate
  title: Real Results
  description: A multi-state power utility deployed Federally mandated sensors on their power transmission grid, but the volume and velocity of data was overwhelming for both centralized database systems and human analysts, leading to usage and transmission analyses that were weeks or even months behind the occurrence of events on the grid and did not allow for capacity planning or preventative maintenance. 
  approach: We employed several deep-learning models from LSTM time-series prediction to CNNs to analyze specific lines and buses in a distributed fashion. The output from these models aggregated to whole grid models that could be used to identify critical patterns such as voltage sags or usage fluctuation and returned results on an hourly basis.  
  result: The solution increased operator visibility of the performance of the transmission system both globally (across the grid) and locally (for specific lines or busses), enabling improved generation allocation and timely preventative maintenance to decrease capital costs.
---
```
